patch default AWS values for origin config in the doc (#31146)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/cloudfront_distribution.html.markdown

* `https_port` (Required) - HTTPS port the custom origin listens on.
* `origin_protocol_policy` (Required) - Origin protocol policy to apply to your origin. One of `http-only`, `https-only`, or `match-viewer`.
* `origin_ssl_protocols` (Required) - SSL/TLS protocols that you want CloudFront to use when communicating with your origin over HTTPS. A list of one or more of `SSLv3`, `TLSv1`, `TLSv1.1`, and `TLSv1.2`.
* `origin_keepalive_timeout` - (Optional) The Custom KeepAlive timeout, in seconds. By default, AWS enforces a limit of `5`. But you can request an [increase](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/RequestAndResponseBehaviorCustomOrigin.html#request-custom-request-timeout).

> * `origin_read_timeout` - (Optional) The Custom Read timeout, in seconds. By default, AWS enforces a limit of `30`. But you can request an [increase](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/RequestAndResponseBehaviorCustomOrigin.html#request-custom-request-timeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `origin_read_timeout` - (Optional) The Custom Read timeout, in seconds. By default, AWS enforces an upper limit of `60`. But you can request an [increase](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/RequestAndResponseBehaviorCustomOrigin.html#request-custom-request-timeout). Defaults to `30`.
```
